A God of death has just given you the power
to eliminate anyone in the world, by writing
down their name. But a genius detective is
predicting your every move and trying to end you.
You'll have to manipulate friends and family and
hunt anyone who gets in your way to stay ahead.
But you're only one mistake away from getting
caught. The abilities of this notebook are not
perfectly balanced. So I'm going to break down the
mistakes made, how to exploit this notebook to its
deadliest potential, and how to be the death God
himself, and outsmart everyone in Death Note.
This kid is about to become the deadliest serial
killer in the world. Light here is a law student
and is frustrated by the failing justice system
in Japan. Looking for answers, he decides to
hack into the police database and discovers
that tons of criminals are being released
and never punished for their crimes. But luckily,
he'll soon have the power to fix this problem.
Wanting to see for himself, he goes to a seedy
bar to spy on a criminal. This guy here is a child
killer and starts bragging about how nobody could
lock him up. Light is threatened at knife point,
by this gang and forced out of the bar. But
outside, he finds a mysterious black book laying
in the street. He takes it home and cracks it
open, learning that this book has special powers,
but with those powers come a set of five rules.
The first rule is if you writes down someone's
true name on its pages, that person will die in
40 seconds. Okay. Most of us would be skeptical
here because magic doesn't exist. But there's
no way we're not going to test it out. The most
tempting thing to do is write down the name
of someone you might already know and hate.
But this could associate you with the death. So
I would make a hard rule to never kill anyone
I've met before. The next mistake is to write
down a public figure that you might dislike.
The death would get way too much attention from
the government and would be heavily investigate.
The smartest way to test this is to kill someone
who is already expected to die. So that in the off
chance this is real, you aren't doing too much
damage and it's not obvious that you did it.
I would research who the world's oldest living
person is and write their name down. They've had
a good long life and everyone was expecting them
to drop dead. So it's not going to be a surprise
to anyone when they croak. Now killing is fun
and all, but the financial exploits of this
book could be huge. We have a power that a lot of
people would envy. So if you know your way around
the dark web, you could offer assassinations and
get filthy rich. We'll soon find out there are
other rules to this book that can be exploited
and light doesn't know them yet, but they could
pay off big time. Now this brings us to the
second rule of the Death Note. It will only
take effect if the writer knows the person's face
and thinks of it as they write their name down.
Light here decides to test it out on a wanted
killer announced on the news. And the next day
he reads an article about how that same man was
found dead from a heart attack. It might be a
strange coincidence, but he wanted to conform if
this power is real. Later that night, he tracks
down the child murderer from the bar and writes
his name in the Death Note. 40 seconds later, the
killer collapses to the ground and Light here is
shocked to see he's died from a heart attack just
like the first guy. This law student is now the
most dangerous person on the planet. And with a
taste for blood, he's just getting started. Okay,
you might think that dying from a heart attack
won't arouse suspicion, but Light here will soon
find out that this is a serious lapse of judgment.
For starters, Japan has one of the lowest coronary
heart disease death rates in the entire world.
Partly because it has less problems with obesity,
but if scores of healthy sushi, eating criminals
start to die from heart attacks, this won't go
unnoticed. And we have to be smart about how
to use this power without getting caught. First of
all, we need to make sure we understand the limits
of this book. And before we go on a killing spree,
I would do some heavy experimentation with this
thing. If we filled a fax machine with Death Note
paper, you could kill in public simply by sending
an email without looking suspicious. If I wanted
to fake a death, I might try writing in fading
or erasable ink. These ideas might not work, but
we'll learn what's possible. On his way back home,
this demonic creature appears introducing
himself as a death God who dropped the book.
And he's decided to let him keep it. The creature
explains that only those who touch the Death Note
can see him in his neither his ally or enemy.
He asks the monster, what its name is and is
introduced to his new partner in crime Ryuk.
All right, even though he seems nice enough,
we can't assume this guy is on our side. If he's
neutral, then he could ruin our plans or dox us
at any given moment for his own amusement. This
thing is a loose end. You do not want to leave
yourself vulnerable to. Obviously, writing his
name down in the death book is a place to start,
but he probably can't be killed and it would
just piss him off. The best strategy here is
to find out his motives and bribe him. I
would be doing research to find out more
about this creature that might exist in folklore.
Light here doesn't know enough about him yet,
but soon we'll learn more about this death
God that we can take advantage of later.
Light here decides to ramp things up and goes on a
killing spree. No one knows who's committing these
murders, but they start calling this vigilante,
Kira, which is the Japanese pronunciation of
killer. Four months later and the police
department came to figure out the connection
between all these dead criminals. They believe a
virus might've killed the victims. But the captain
here thinks they might have a serial killer on the
loose. He goes to meet with the commissioner and
learns that the brilliant detective L is on the
case. He's analyzed the data and figured out that
not only is Kira in Japan, but he's also a single
person killing people through unnatural means.
Okay. Light is going on a bender here and it's
not the smartest move. The pattern has already
emerged and it's getting way too much attention.
But this has a solution because the third rule of
the Death Note is if the cause of death is written
within 40 seconds of writing the person's name,
it will happen. A sharp increase in heart attacks
among a healthy population we'll show a pattern.
So we need things to be as random as
possible with no pattern behind it.
The best way to do this is with dice. I would
compile a list of criminals I wanted to kill and
assign each a number. Then assign a death style
to a different number and a time to a different
number. Then a series of dice rules would tell me
who dies, how, and when. This gives us a limitless
combination of deadly possibilities, removing
any pattern to investigate. And they could all
be pre-planned days or weeks ahead. Back at
home, Light here is about to meet his match,
and it could break everything. He tunes into an
international broadcast where the detective L
announces to the world he's been
tasked with helping uncover who Kira,
the vigilante is. He describes the killer as
predictable and immature. Taking it personally,
Light here writes the detective's name into
his death note and waits for him to die on TV.
But when the man collapses from a heart
attack, the real L reveals he's tricked,
Kira. He had a convict, impersonate him
and made it seem like the broadcast was
shown internationally when it was actually
restricted to Tokyo. In one big brain move,
he's proven that Kira can kill people remotely
and is also living in the Tokyo area. Okay. This
L guy is an intellectual force to be reckoned
with. But there's a way to turn the tables here
by turning the government into public enemy number
one. From now on, I'm writing every cause of death
to be either suicide by capital punishment, or
suicide by cop. The death sentence in Japan is
still active. And as much as 15 executions happen
each year. This is a chess match of two extremely
intelligent people. So using his own agencies
to do your killing for you will force him to
retreat and find a different plan to attack.
Back home Light has dinner with his family
and we find out his dad is the police chief in
charge of the Kira investigation. Light offers
to help on the case, but the man won't let
his son get involved. Upset, he leaves the
table and goes upstairs where he hacks into the
police reports and discovers that detective L
knows he's a student. He'll need to shake things
up to throw them off his scent. Three days later,
the police are shocked to find criminals are
dying every hour and on a perfect schedule.
L here to deduces that Kira can also manipulate
the times of death. But this change in strategy
happened after they discovered he was a student.
So the detective realizes that he has access to
the team's information and they might have a mole.
Okay. Light has just confirmed that he can access
the police department's information and it gives
them an opportunity to take that advantage away.
I would go analog with the entire investigation
and take everything offline, but use the database
as a decoy by planting misinformation to study
how he reacts to it. If we already know that Kira
is a student than, we need to narrow our scope
to a specific school if we want to get closer.
We've also seen that Kira lets his emotions
get the better of him when he's under pressure.
I would put false information on the police
database that the Dean of Kira school is coming
in to give a testimony in less than an hour. He'll
see the fake report and just might kill the Dean.
So whichever Dean is dead by the end of the day
is the school Kira goes to. On his way home,
Light suddenly notices that he's being
followed. Somebody is onto him and he needs
to find out who this is before they catch him.
The death God asks, how you will get the stalker's
name? But he has a plan. And he's going to use
rule number four, to get it. After writing the
cause of death, details of the death should be
written in the next six minutes and 40 seconds.
The next day he's riding the bus with his
girlfriend and the stalker from yesterday has
followed them. This is no accident and Light has
a master plan. At the next bus stop, a man gets
in and puts a gun into the driver's head. Light
tells the stalker that he'll stop the criminal,
but the man tells him not to risk it revealing
he's an FBI agent and gets them to back down.
Light here, drops a piece of paper on
the floor and the Hijacker picks it up.
And after reading it, pointed his gun at him.
But is shocked when he sees Ryuk standing in
front of him. He tries shooting the monster but
the bullets go straight through. Freaking out,
the man urge of the driver to stop. And he gets
off the bus only going to get hit by a car.
This whole thing was an elaborate setup to learn
more about this FBI agent using four number four
to make the criminal hijack the bus and get him
killed. Okay, this changes everything. If we can
use this Death Note to control people's actions,
I'm using this to get rich or die trying. We could
use this on a billionaire, making them write
us into their will for a full inheritance just
before they die. Let's be honest. If you're going
to kill people, you might as well take their money
while you're at it. Back home, Light thinks that
L sent the FBI agent after him, and there might
be more than one. He knows he can't kill the agent
stalking him as he'll be the prime suspect. But if
all agents were to die, then he would be safe.
Ryuk is surprised at Light's blood lust
and starts to look concerned. There's a lot more
to this death God than meets the eye. Okay. This
is interesting. Ryuk should be happy here because
as we learned, every death will extend his life.
Clearly, we don't know everything about this guy
and if he's keeping secrets from us, we need to
find some leverage over him to make sure he won't
screw us over. Now we saw on the bus that physical
injuries cannot hurt this creature. So killing him
is out of the question, but blackmail and bribery
might still be on the table. Threatening to
destroy this book might get us answers he doesn't
want to give. So we might be able to use this
to get him to do our bidding. We just have to be
careful not to piss him off. The next day, the FBI
agent leaves his hotel and heads to the subway.
He's followed by his fiance, Naomi here, and
doesn't know that she's on the train watching
him. He takes a folder left on a rack and finds a
message from Kira who knows him by name and wants
to talk with him through this transmitter. With
little choice, he activates the walkie talkie and
listens. Light demonstrates he's the real Kira by
having the man next to the agent, die from a heart
attack. He then asks him how many other agents
are in Japan. And he's told there are 11 others,
but he doesn't know their names. Light then
asks the agent to his leader's name inside
this box on the first page. He's fallen for
the fifth rule. Even if you do not actually
possess the Death Note, anyone can use it if you
can recognize the person and his or her name.
After writing, it he's told to access his computer
as he'll receive all 12 IDs from his boss.
He's then instructed, write their names in the
remaining boxes. This was Light's brilliant plan.
He tricked the agent into writing everyone's name
on a page of the Death Note. And with it, he just
sent the death sentences of all the other agents
as the all start dropping dead. When gets off at
the next station, he collapses from a heart attack
and looks back to see Light standing in front of
him. The agent's fiance rushes to save him, but
it's too late. As Light's train pulls out of the
station. He's won for now, but he's just created
another enemy and she will be much harder to beat.
Okay. That was a genius way to extract the
information, but he also made some mistakes here.
First of all, going on the train was a terrible
idea because now they will be scraping through
the security footage of the incident. And this
hooded figure would be a prime suspect. You could
easily be tracked back to your home and caught.
Now, if the agent is already being manipulated,
there's no purpose to meet him on the train. I
would've brought him to a much more controlled
and isolated environment away from the public to
make sure there were no cameras and nobody was
following it. Personally, I wouldn't be killing
FBI agents at all. Because it keeps revealing that
you have insider information. This narrows down
the suspects to people with connections to the
police. And if your father is the leader of the
investigation, then you will stay on the suspect
list no matter what. The best way to throw out the
stalker and mislead the FBI investigation without
killing them, is to set up a false confession.
I would make two criminals march into the police
station and one of them declares that he is Kira.
When they ask for proof, the second criminal
will have a heart attack, making it look like
the first criminal killed them with his mind.
Then write in the Death Note that he cannot speak,
eat, or drink water when he's detained by the
police until he dies. It's an elaborate con that
could go wrong. But at the very least, it buys
us time to plan further ahead and cover our tracks
without being followed. Later that day, the police
chief announces to his investigation team that
Kira is now killing people who aren't criminals
and gives them the option to quit. Knowing
how dangerous this has gotten, almost every
single member leaves until only six are left.
The police expressed their frustration for the
detective and demand he shows his face if he
wishes to continue working the case. Accepting
their demand, the liaison takes the investigation
team to a hotel where they meet the detective in
person. And he is not who they expected. They
all introduce themselves by name and he chews
them out for it. If he was Kira, he would have all
their names and they'd all be dead. They've been
on the losing end of this battle, but L has a new
strategy that he thinks can stop Kira for good.
Okay. This guy's a strange dude, but there's
one detail here that tells me Kira is screwed.
This guy only eats candy. And at first glance,
this looks like a weakness, but it's not.
L here is using a high caloric intake diet to stay
awake and alert for as many hours as possible.
The brain uses the most calories in the body.
Where even a stoic professional chess match can
burn the same amount of calories as running
a marathon. Crab fishermen also do this when
they have only a three-day window to hunt
for crap, and they need to stay awake as
long as possible to maximize their time.
L is looking for an advantage even in his
diet. And it tells me he's thinking on
more levels than Kira is at the moment
to ensure he doesn't miss any opportunity to
catch this killer. Later, the dead agent's fiance,
Naomi has taken matters into her own hands. She
finds information on the bus hijacking from the
newspaper and meets the driver who mentions
that her fiance was seen arguing with a young
man but he disappeared before the police arrived.
Meanwhile, L watches the surveillance tapes of the
agent's death and finds an important detail in the
footage. With one glance, he's figured it all out.
He informed the team that he's narrowed down the
list of suspects to the families in the police
department, including the police chief's son,
Light. He knows that the FBI agent was tracking
Light and knows the agent's wife used to be part
of the FBI. And since she followed him, she must
have felt there was something suspicious going on.
Suspecting Kira was on the subway, L arranges to
plant cameras in the police chief's home
and keep watch over Light for seven days.
Now this is all well and good, but it's also
completely unnecessary because Japan has a
stop and frisk policy. They're super polite
about it. But if this kid has proven he can
kill someone at any given hour of the day, then
it's either done in his mind or done through an
object on his person. If he's frisked, he will
either run away, which lets you arrest him. Or
they would find the book. This solution takes
no resources other than a well-placed beat cop.
The next day at college, Light here is greeted by
his girlfriend and the woman he saw at the subway.
She gives him a business card and admits she's
the fiancee of the agent that was killed. And
thinks Light here killed him. He denies the
accusation and his girlfriend backs him up.
Light here takes out a piece of paper from the
Death Note and writes down the woman's name on it,
but nothing happens to her. The woman warns him
that he can't kill her because she gave him a fake
name. Okay, this woman is dangerous. Her
fiance has been killed. And she has nothing
left to live for. Desperate people who want
vengeance are the kinds of people who will
burn the whole place down just to prove a
point. And that makes for a very dangerous,
loose end that we need to deal with the right way.
The only way out of this is to satisfy her
bloodlust. I would find a criminal
to manipulate, to tell her he is
Kira. Then the cause of death is that the
manipulated criminal gets shot by the woman
and killed. This gives enough emotional trauma
for her to believe that she's gotten vengeance
for her fiance's death by killing the man herself.
Later that day, Light returns home and discovers
that his room has been broken into. Earlier, he
placed pencil lead in the hinge of his door and
it's now broken. Now Light knows he's under
surveillance and can't do anything with the
Death Note or Ryuk until he tricks them. The
police chief has told Light will be left alone
if his son does nothing suspicious and there are
still more deaths. The college student's still
isn't cleared of being a murderer just yet.
Okay. This looks like Light here is cornered,
but they've played right into his hands. First
of all, you can't build a case on this because
you can't prove a negative. If no deaths
happened during his surveillance, that's
circumstantial evidence at best. And it isn't
enough to arrest him or even take him to court.
This is a fool's errand. But there's another
massive oversight here. L should've considered
that this kid is a law student, whose father
is the chief of police. And he should know
that according to Japanese law, under article
23 of the 1999 act for wiretapping and criminal
investigation, the suspect must be notified
by the police. If they don't under article 30,
Light can legally Sue them for breaking the law.
And they'll be forced to leave him alone. He had
a great opportunity here to sabotage their whole
operation and he didn't take it. By day seven, the
surveillance team is still observing the college
student, but when breaking news about an arrested
child murderer is reported, they realize Light
isn't even watching. Moments after, the murderer
dies of a heart attack while in custody and Light
hasn't moved a muscle. They're convinced it's
not him, but Light has tricked them all. Because
inside his chip bag is a miniature TV playing the
news and a piece of paper from the Death Note.
With the college student cleared of suspicion,
L receives a call from the FBI agent's fiance
who claims she will risk her own life to prove
that Light is Kira. And the first part of her
plan is to make his girlfriend call him to
meet at the art gallery. The surveillance
team watches through the cameras as Light
enters the building. He sees the woman holding
his girlfriend hostage and is told to confess
that he is Kira. He begs the woman to let her
go and insist that he's not Kira. But the woman
reveals her real name and dares him to kill her.
He slowly pulls out a pen to write her name down,
but stops when he hears police sirens in the
distance. His girlfriend breaks free and runs
to him, but get shot. The woman is horrified
by her mistake and kills herself out of guilt.
Light mourns his girlfriend's death and puts on
a good show. But it turns out this was his plan
all along. At the subway, he noticed her folder
had a cross on it and he traced it to the church
where she was getting married. He found her name
in the records and wrote down in the Death Note,
that she will lure Kira to the museum
and kill herself trying to catch him.
He then wrote that his girlfriend would be shot
to death without specifying by whom. Since the
woman was the only one in the room with a gun,
the Death Note caused her to kill his girlfriend.
When his father comes to take him home, he asks
if he can join the Kira investigation so that he
could get revenge on Kira. That's when L appears
in approved his membership. These two masterminds
are just getting warmed up. But they both don't
realize a new player is about to join the game.
In another part of the city, a famous young woman
is being followed by her delusional stalker who
wants to kill her. She's cornered with no one
to help, but the man suddenly collapses from a
heart attack and a Death Note falls right next
to him. There's more than one book. And things
are about to get way more interesting. But what
do you think? How would you be Death Note? Let
me know with a comment down below. Thank you so
much for watching. Leave a like and subscribe. And
check out the How To Beat playlist for more videos
like this. Until next time, have a damn good day.